<br />

= Description =
Brought to my attention here: [http://www.cfd-online.com/Forums/openfoam/105601-transient-simplefoam.html]

Original source code version from here: [http://openfoamwiki.net/index.php/Main_ContribExamples/PISOvsTransientSimple]

This repository brings you minor adjustments to this code for keeping up with the latest OpenFOAM releases. After you run <code>git clone</code>, use <code>git branch -a</code> to see what OpenFOAM versions have been tested.

'''Note''': The master branch works fine with OpenFOAM 1.7.x, 2.0.x and 2.1.x. It also works with 1.6-ext.

Keep in mind that this is a contribution made in the community and not part of OpenFOAM(R).

This repository at [https://github.com/wyldckat/transientSimple] was brought to you by Bruno Santos (wyldckat@github working at [http://www.bluecape.com.pt blueCAPE Lda]).

= Usage instructions =

<ol><li>Download, either using <code>git</code> or use the ''Downloads'' pseudo-button on the top right at [https://github.com/wyldckat/transientSimple].</li>
<li>Run: <pre>wmake transientSimpleFoam</pre></li>
<li>Clean up: <pre>wclean transientSimpleFoam</pre></li>
<li>Go to the page [http://openfoamwiki.net/index.php/Main_ContribExamples/PISOvsTransientSimple] for more.</li>
</ol>

= License =
This is bound to the same license as OpenFOAM, namely GPLv3. Which means that you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
See http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ for more information about GPL.
